hey what's up you guys it's caboose XP
I'll bring you another Batman Arkham
Knight video and today we got for you
guys some new gameplay of some Batman
Arkham Knight skins so what we got today
is the new 52 skin pack now one thing I
should mention is that in this skin pack
you will get a new 52 costume for Batman
Robin and Nightwing and I will be
showing you gameplay of Batman and
Nightwing in action with their new 52
skins but unfortunately there are no AR
challenges that I know of at the moment
that include Robin and I've beaten this
story already so there's no point in the
story that I can go to where Robin is
involved and you can see that skin in
action so I'm sorry for that but I do
show you his character showcase so you
can get a nice look at the costume and
overall the new 52 skins are awesome
I'd say Robins new 52 skin looks better
than his design and Arkham Knight it
just looks really really cool and he
doesn't look like mmm but yeah new new
52 for Robin looks great also
Nightwing's looks great too I do enjoy
the read on Nightwing although I know
some people really don't like it of
course I prefer the blue like Nightwing
is always gonna be that that traditional
blue in this costume like that's what I
think when I think Nightwing however I
don't mind the red the red does look
really cool on knowing if you ask me
especially the way it looks in this game
it's so vibrant and really really cool
but the Escrima sticks are still blue so
that kind of throws it off a little bit
if they made the Escrima sticks red as
well that would have been really cool
but unfortunately they didn't but
overall you're gonna see some awesome
gameplay of Nightwing and Batman in
action in the dual play Challenge map
but unfortunately you won't see any
Robin gameplay so with that said hope
you enjoyed the gameplay
I'm caboose xbl please follow me on
instagram and twitter and like me on
facebook those links are in the
description like favorite comment and
subscribe see you guys later
simulation